Run services as root user within docker container, and readme updates for windows development (#629)
centerofci/mathesar: mathesar_ui/README.md

You can start storybook in dev mode by connecting to the container and then running `npm run storybook`:

```bash
docker exec -it mathesar_service_1 /bin/bash

root@c273da65c52d:/code/mathesar_ui$ cd mathesar_ui && npm run storybook
```

This should start storybook at port 6006.

To build storybook, run `npm run build-storybook`. The static storybook build will be present within __storybook-static__ folder.

### Developing in Windows

> Hot module replacement does not work well with WSL, as mentioned here as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4739), when the project is present within a windows filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hot module replacement does not work well with WSL, as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4739), when the project is present within a windows filesystem.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hot module replacement does not work well with WSL when the project is present within a Windows filesystem, as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4739).
```

> The simplest way to get this work, and the adviced option, is to move the project to a linux filesystem. You can clone the repo within the WSL shell in a linux filesystem, which should resolve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to get this to work, and the advised option, is to move the project to a linux filesystem. You can clone the repo within the WSL shell in a linux filesystem, which should resolve this.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest way to get this to work (and the one we advise) is to move the project to a Linux filesystem. This can be achieved by cloning the repo within the WSL shell in a Linux filesystem.
```

> If you have to work in the windows filesystem for any other purpose, you could configure vite to poll files to identify changes, as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/1153#issuecomment-785467271) and in the [vite documentation](https://vitejs.dev/config/#server-watch). However, this is a resource intensive process and not adviced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have to work in the windows filesystem for any other purpose, you could configure vite to poll files to identify changes, as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/1153#issuecomment-785467271) and in the [vite documentation](https://vitejs.dev/config/#server-watch). However, this is a resource intensive process and not advised.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have to work in the Windows filesystem, you could configure Vite to poll files to identify changes, as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/1153#issuecomment-785467271) and in the [Vite documentation](https://vitejs.dev/config/#server-watch). However, this is a resource intensive process so we advise the previous option instead.
```

> This issue: https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar/issues/570 in our repository keeps track of problems encountered during windows development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[This issue](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar/issues/570) keeps track of problems encountered by Mathesar developers using Windows for local development.
```
